hello and welcome to movie clips
mixology Oscar edition today we are
making a flaming moneymaker cocktail in
honor of the Leonardo DiCaprio
oscar-nominated film the wolf of Wall
Street
here's what you will need martini
glasses a shaker a shot glass for
measurement Goldschlager Bailey's Irish
Cream rum
butterscotch schnapps ice and for the
rim powdered sugar
first for the rim dip your martini glass
in water then powdered sugar
next add ice to your shaker
add one and a half ounces Bailey's drop
in one and a half ounces of butterscotch
schnapps lastly add 3/4 ounces of gold
shocker
mix up the ingredients in the shaker and
strain into your glass next you will
pour 1 tablespoon rum into the side of
the glass so that it sits on top to get
that flashy wolf of wallstreet look
grab your lighter and set your drink
ablaze a little wallstreet drink has to
be flashing